Access aws:
    1) management console(protected by password + MFA)
    2) cli (protected by access keys)
    3) sdk (for code, protected by access keys)
    Access key ID ~= username
    Secret Access Key ~= password
IAM:
    IAM Security Tools:
        iam credential report (account-level):
            a report of lists all acc users and status of their credentials
        iam Last Accessed in iam user detail (old name: access advisor)(user-level):
            service permissions granted to a user. and service who last accessed.
    IAM Guidelins Best Practices:
        one physical user = one aws user
        assign user to group, and assign permissions to group.
        use and enforce MFA.
        create and use Roles for giving permissions to AWS services.
        Audit permissions of your account using credential report & Last accessed.
        ** Never share iam users & access keys **
    Summary:
        Users: physical users, has a password for console.
        Groups: contains users only.
        Policies: json doc that outlines permissions for users to groups.
        Roles: EC2 instances or aws services.
        Security: MFA + password Policy.
        cli: manage services using command line.
        sdk: manage services using programming language.
    Questions:
        1)IAM Users don't have to belong to a User Group. => 
            IAM User တစ်ယောက် create လုပ်ရင် group ထဲမထည့်လည်းရတယ်
            Grammar:
                don't have to => မလုပ်လည်းရတယ်, မလိုအပ်ဘူး
                Not "မလုပ်ရဘူး"
        2) IAM User Groups can contain IAM Users and other User Groups.
            Ans is false because group can contain only users. not do hierarchy of groups.
        3) An IAM policy consists of one or more statements. A statement in an IAM Policy consists of the following, 
        EXCEPT:
            effect,
            Principal
            Version
            Action
            Resource
        Ans: Version. because Version is part of policy, not the statement.
        Statement have Sid, Effect, Principal, Action, Resource and Condition.
    
